our healthcare hero of the week this
week is a med-surg nurse at Ochsner
Medical Center in New Orleans
say hello to Janelle Melanson hello
Janelle how are you
we're excited to have you on tell us
about what you are doing there every day
and how you're going about doing it well
I am a med-surg nurse at Austin Medical
Center in New Orleans and every day
would take care of patients who's been
basically diagnosed with colon 19 we
tried to get them to be as healthy as
possible and just get them back into the
normal swing of life do you know I want
to introduce you to my friend Jack Black
who is standing by from his house here
thank you so much you taking care of the
people from my favorite city nollans
oh thank you so much it's my pleasure
take care of my city do you know did the
Easter Bunny make it to your house they
did he did I assume it's been more than
one because they have candy everywhere
my kids but unfortunately for my kids
were fortunately for my patients I had
to work so Friday Friday we didn't have
an Easter egg hunt at our house and they
enjoyed it so perfect that's nice
Geno can I ask like with your patients
they're not allowed to have visitors
right their family and friends are not
not allowed to come visit so do you get
closer to them as a result of that oh
absolutely
we we don't values family until things
like this happen and for myself being a
bedside nurse
I've always enjoyed family to be there
so we can introduce ourself get to know
each other more but my family not being
able to visit it gives me the
opportunity to become closer to my
patients I get to know what they did for
a living or what they do for a living
things that they enjoy we become close
especially on this isolated time Jenelle
can we meet your family I know you have
you got your kids there who else is with
you in
house my mom she's here mom the father
she helps me with my kids I love her too
dad she's like my best friend but my
kids they are so excited to be on camera
so they may take a mom back and also do
you know we have some things to thank
you post mates is providing a ten
thousand dollar gift card for you and
your family to use as you see fit so you
know go ahead and order up a lot of
muffled letters or whatever you want to
get there and we're doing something for
the hospital
yeah we're also gonna give gift cards to
everyone in the awesome wing oh they'll
be so excited thank you both we have
really appreciated thank you so much
thank you there's no need to thank us we
are we wanted to thank you for what
you're doing there let's see the kids
before we go grab them just for a sec
okay here we go thank you all
Jack may send you a tortoise also thank
you - no thank you jack black Thank You
leggy and thank you kids
Janell Jack black that's our healthcare
hero of the week if you have somebody
you'd like to nominate hashtag
healthcare hero and we'll find you we'll
be right back